Contact Me

-   Email
-   Personal Website
-   H0ldnack
-   Portland Oregon USA

The Resume

Skills

Hard Skills

-   Web Development | 3 Years
    I use plain HTML/CSS/JS.
-   Sys-Admin | 5 Years
    Strong focus on Linux and Web-Orientated services
-   Python Programming | 4 Years
    I mostly write it in a lightly functional style.
-   Design | 4 Years
    I am defintely not a savant at it, but I can iterate to a good
    design.

Soft Skills

-   Communicating
    I can understand anyone's perspective
-   Writing
    I've easily written a few hundred pages on various subject matters
-   Problem Solving
    I start by analyzing the desired outcome and construct a rough
    outline of the expected resources necessary to produce a desirable
    result.
-   Funny
    Well kinda funny

    Okay kinda funny in the right context

About

I am currently looking for work, like all of us poor worker-bees. I
don't really have strong feelings on what I want to do. I've worked on
tech as a hobby for about a decade, so I've accumulated a fair amount of
experience in a wide range of technical areas. So no, I won't care about
being a WORKPLACE-HERO™ or any other "fun" corporate terminology. I am a
skilled and self-motivated worker, who can easily excel in a good
working environment.

Experience

Benedictine College| BA in Economics | 2015-2019

I had realized that I didn't want to work directly in Economics by my
last semester.

Strang Hall | Restaurant | 2021-2022

I did standard host/busser/waiter work. I took the job because I needed
to be around people after lockdown. I left because I was moving to
Portland.

ScriptPro | IT Customer Support | 2019-2020

The company built pill dispensing machines, and I worked on customer
support. So I remotely troubleshoot windows, physical machine failures
and other related issues. I left because I needed to take some time to
work through some mental health issues.

Personal Projects

I've worked on a variety of projects over the years, ranging from
static-site-generators to viable-systems model network simulators to
highly experimental stenography theories. Unfortunately, I have also had
the bad habit of hopping to a new shiny project before finishing old
projects. So, I am currently in the process of reviewing and finishing
up some of my old projects. Once I have finished a few, I will include a
link to my portfolio in the links section.
